good at two minutes are the videos
of new details new rumors about
playstation 4 and it's fine by part of
the page how important is kotaku and
from a very important person who
It's super good now I'll explain
who is each one is something else a
page that usually circulates enough
things from said filter very quickly
details of modern warfare 3 is that what
forced the company to batches
activision logically then to release a
thriller before time not to say it
in a way they have filtered much more
constant a lot more games is obvious but
well that does not mean anything does not want
say that this rumor is going to be real or
much less it does not seem that all the
information that they have released comes from a
amount of more than 90 pdf with the
crows good is a pretty amount
quite up to some good way
it's super from basically it's a person
a year ago they tried a few
developments of xbox 720
on ebay I really do not know if it got
sell it I do not know if they were
retired the micros where to report and
what would happen but really all
they assumed that they subscribe
development will be real so good the
true that its a bit that all this does not
I know how a person to have access to
this kind of thing and the truth as I say
it does not stop being a rumor really but
good if it is confirmed it seems that in
the development kits of January 2013
as of January 2013 they would have the
following specifications that in my
house seems to be that the memory of the
large memory would be 8 gigas the
video memory 2 2 gigs link that
would be a 4 x you to the core to md 64
bulldozer with which they would remain eight
mdr cpu cores 10 xx ports 4
USB 3.0 ports
as you as you fear playstation model
3 then they go down I do not know channel and
the ethernet ports would go back to
work with blur
and the hard drive would be 160GB which
would also have output hdmi stories of
always without a doubt what most calls the
Attention maybe it is adding and adding
it seems to be a service in that document
vital that the buttons would have a
button no buttons is totally weird
play a kind of button to
share that we will not know if it would be
it looks like a picture of the screen if it is
to share on social networks that
surely be for that to share
in social networks and such and the command would be
similar to those seen in previous
Sometimes the only thing that happens is that
behind the command he probably had
a touch screen like the one that
it prevents that behind in the ps vita has
a touch panel that one that you can do
your things and late the games or be in command
of the prison rumored that also what
I could have it
so good nothing more kids everything
that is what for now we see the
next video next